today is a very special day here at live
5 55 years ago wcsc signed on as
Charleston's first TV stays the Debbie
we thought it would be fun to look back
at the early days with somebody who was
there our bill bird catches up with an
old friend who watched channel 5 grow up
it's not the station it's not the
channel it's the people and you put the
right people on any channel and you're
going to have success Mike Hyatt knows a
thing or two about success he spent 27
years at wcsc first in radio that in
television it was a lot of fun back in
those days because television was
something that was great to do it didn't
take long to do it because you were on
and then you were three Mike worked in
the earlier years of wcsc along with the
first voice and face of the TV station
Charlie Hall was working in radio when
channel 5 went on the air and as you
know he spoke the first words to be
broadcast on channel 5 channel 5 is now
alive it was June nineteenth nineteen
fifty-three and a young Charlie Hall
ushered in a new medium called
television he eventually became a
household name in the low country and
helped establish wcsc as an
entertainment and information leader I
think channel 5 did it right they did it
right in the in the beginning days and
they never stopped losing the view of
the community they would do things for
the community that nobody does anymore
and they did that people appreciated
that and they got they got to love
channel 5 this is one of the Jerry Lewis
telethon and this is Alan Alda today
Mike keeps photos of his life I family
on the refrigerator and while he enjoys
retirement in Carlton County he says
viewers haven't forgotten I tried to
fade into the background but I can never
go to wall
the Charleston or somewhere where
somebody doesn't say hey my they picked
me out an old friend from a TV station
with a rich history and a lasting legacy
in the Low Countries bill burr live 5
news my time good to see him you know I
started with him on when he was on the
radio I was doing radio you started in
radio we realized how beautiful you were
so we had to put you in TV you know mike
is basically a good old country boy who
is the most one of the most talented
guys Debbie I've ever worked with he
could do it'll talk show news funniest
effective his whether God calls oh oh he
was something we're gonna miss the good
old days Mike we salute you stay with us
we'll be right back with sports and Andy
Pruitt when we come